# SHADE22_Team12

Continuous renal replacement therapy (CRRT) is a common dialysis mode used in critically unwell intensive care unit (ICU) patients for gradual fluid and solute removal. One major compilation of CRRT is unanticipated filter clotting, which is undesirable as it results in patient blood loss to the circuit, and causes unplanned disruption to dialysis while the circuit is being reprimed. 

Methods used to prevent circuit clotting may include antithrombotic medication, such as anticoagulation or regional citrate anticoagulation (RCA). However, not all ICU patients are suitable for therapies. For example, patients may have existing bleeding diastheses making them unfit for systemic anticoagulation; they may have liver function or lactic acidosis which are contraindications to RCA. Even when such measures are taken, CRRT filters may still clot, and routine filter changes are thus commonly practised as a pre-emptive measure. However, changing a filter when it could in fact have been used longer is wasteful and causes increased healthcare cost. Hence, a personalised prediction of filter survival would be clinically useful. Other benefits to accurate filter survival prediction include logistical convenience, for example, timing of line changes and trips out of the ICU.

There are no commonly used prediction models for CRRT filter life. In particular, there is a paucity of models aimed at predicting survival time, as opposed to less granular predictions (such as survival greater/less than 24 hours). Thus. the aim of our team is to develop a model to predict CRRT filter survival time in hours. 
